Add a section on location tracking macros to the book (#917)
lalrpop/lalrpop: doc/src/location_tracking.md

# Location Tracking

Sometimes it may be helpful to know where in the input stream a particular
token was encountered. For example, this can be useful when generating
user-visible messages that reference specific points in the input.

This is achieved via the location tracking macros, `@L` and `@R`.  `@L` looks
ahead to the token immediately to its right, and binds the the location (in

> bytes) in the input stream where that token starts.  Similarly, `@R` binds the

Reviewer: Nit: should we mention the exact type instead of just "bytes"(which seems to be usize)?

> This is achieved via the location tracking macros, `@L` and `@R`.  `@L` looks
> ahead to the token immediately to its right, and binds the the location (in
> bytes) in the input stream where that token starts.  Similarly, `@R` binds the
> location where the token immediately to the left ends.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is achieved via the location tracking macros, `@L` and `@R`.  `@L`
binds the start position - in bytes - of the token immediately to its right
in the input stream. Similarly, `@R` binds the index of the last byte _plus
one_ of the token immediately to its left.
```

I tried to reflow this paragraph a bit, as I find it slightly convoluted, but it's just a suggestion.

Author: Thanks for the reword, and the catch about "plus one".  I added a paragraph and example at the end to show how that integrates cleanly with Range, since I wonder if people will worry that the plus one is something they need to directly account for.  Let me know if that all makes sense to you.

Here's an example rule using location tracking macros:

```lalrpop
Symbol = {
    <start: @L> <s: r"a-z"> end: @R> => {

>         // @L is the byte location of the start of our string

Author: I accepted the suggestion.  My opinion is that adding in concrete action code probably confuses things more than it helps.  I think switching from `@L` to `start` makes a ton of sense and in my opinion clears things up pretty well.
